[SPEAKER_02]: And that's how time works.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
[SPEAKER_04]: Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_04]: We are live tonight, October the 27th of 2024, with episode number 1022 of our show.
[SPEAKER_04]: Totally not with a false opening, as we do tape live at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_04]: Every Sunday night live, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf Show.
[SPEAKER_04]: And we are here, myself, Rob Roberts, and my co-hosts, starting off with the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have a new costume.
[SPEAKER_04]: You did.
[SPEAKER_04]: You had a little Star Trek red shirt thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was lightly, I don't even want to say making fun, but I was poking fun before the show because I was like, well, you don't want to die on the show tonight.
[SPEAKER_04]: Don't be a red shirt.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I was thinking original, but then I turned out that that was actually one of the squirts from the later series.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I was like, no.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because then it would have been like science bath soap.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now you've changed to a different type of red shirt.
[SPEAKER_01]: Actually, no, I take that back.
[SPEAKER_01]: TNG would have been... It's not the red shirts in TNG.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was the yellow.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, starting with Tasha Yar, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, but... Well, no.
[SPEAKER_04]: She was not the first yellow shirt to die.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, she wasn't.
[SPEAKER_04]: But anyway, I was going to say, now your VTuber is wearing a different red shirt of sorts where you kind of look like somebody that went to Rocky Horror Picture Show last night that I was hosting.
[SPEAKER_04]: You look like one of my audience members last night.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's an 801 Resident Evil 6.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is it really?
[SPEAKER_04]: I wouldn't have guessed that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I have a Rebecca, but there's something a little bit wrong with the model, so I changed.
[SPEAKER_01]: I wouldn't play that one.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I have a Jill, but it's like Resident Evil 3 boring Jill.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a good outfit.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's kind of giving college goth girl vibes a little bit.
[SPEAKER_04]: I like it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, that was absolutely not the vibe I was going for.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I liked it.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's Halloween after all.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I hope everybody had a good Halloween weekend celebrating.
[SPEAKER_04]: Actually, I want to ask you about this, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_04]: Didn't you say something about you were going to the coin-op downtown this weekend and you were going to wear a costume?
[SPEAKER_04]: I thought I saw this on Blue Sky somewhere or something.
[SPEAKER_01]: I drank too much.
[SPEAKER_04]: Aw, you changed your outfit.
[SPEAKER_04]: I didn't mean to go that far.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it's okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have my kitties.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, I went to Coin Op.
[SPEAKER_01]: I went dressed as Amanda from Saw.
[SPEAKER_01]: As in the first movie outfit.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because it was already part of the special cosmetic that came with the crown and everything.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I just left off the DVD stuff and went there and I was like, what do I have that's red that I can just rip all over the front of this?
[SPEAKER_01]: And I drew on little marks for having the trap and the mouth and everything.
[SPEAKER_01]: and and it was it was good and then I found someone who was dressed as Carrie and so I got the red makeup all over my arms and I was like well that's actually okay um but we we had a good time and I'll get to the games I played later all right sounds good well then we'll head on over to Tech Master Loki hey Loki
[SPEAKER_04]: Blue.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was looking into how to get it so that our domain shows up, but I'm just going to leave it as it's complicated and I probably need Jason's help in order to do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because I think I could have done it in my... Here's the funny thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Our registrar has me... I have had this orangeonstrater.com so freaking long.
[SPEAKER_04]: that the registrar actually has my old email address on my custom domain, which was Sky, a name I don't even use anymore.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sky.cx used to be my custom domain forever.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I don't even know if they sell CX domains anymore.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was like, you know, the alternatives to .com and stuff like Christmas Islands, I think it was CX.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I used to have this domain years ago.
[SPEAKER_04]: I haven't had that domain in at least a decade.
[SPEAKER_04]: But unfortunately, my registrar says, oh, you want to reset your password?
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to send the email here.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm like, oh, son of a...
[SPEAKER_04]: Even though, like, it's weird because I actually set it within my registrar's system that has my correct and current address, but because orangetonsradio.com is tied to my sky.cx address...
[SPEAKER_04]: I can't change it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sure there's a way to do that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I probably just have to email support and just be like, yo, it's me, I'm the logged in customer, clearly, but I can't change the email address and I no longer have access to this domain.
[SPEAKER_04]: Help.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll figure it out.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um...
[SPEAKER_04]: But what was I going to say?
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, yes, since you are on Blue Sky, I saw... Did one of your kids dress up as, like, an inflatable chicken?
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, what was that all about?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, it was their Harvest Festival thing that they do at school.
[SPEAKER_03]: So he dressed up like... He wanted to dress up like a giant chicken because...
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, first he wanted to dress up like Skivity Toilet, and we said no.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then, so he dressed up like a giant chicken, because other kids in his class were also doing similar things.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, one of his friends did a giant flavor rubber chicken, and then there was another kid, I think there was also another giant chicken, and then somebody dressed up like chicken nuggets.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: They were all themed.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, we did that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, sure.
[SPEAKER_04]: Did you dress up at all?
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_04]: Do you plan to for Halloween this week?
[SPEAKER_03]: Probably not.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a bummer your Sackboy costume from Little Big Planet is no more.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh yeah, I threw that away.
[SPEAKER_03]: I threw that away, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_03]: Who knows how many spiders were in that thing?
[SPEAKER_03]: It was in the garage for a while.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's probably all of the spiders in that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Little Spiderboy.
[SPEAKER_03]: It is just not worth...
[SPEAKER_03]: Show me that on my face.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, you have to have a lot of raid to make that safe again.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, so, and then, yeah, no, unfortunately I'm celebrating this week by my day job asking me, or forcing me, to come into the office for three days for literally nothing.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's such a waste of time, so I get to do that this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: Fun!
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, have fun with that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's get into tonight's kickoff topic and talk about what is going on in games.
[SPEAKER_04]: And lots of people talking about this because this is some unfortunate, sad news.
[SPEAKER_04]: Jason kind of referenced it in the intro.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's an unfortunate side effect of working in the gaming industry as we have yet more.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, they're not saying layoffs this time, but we're hearing about a team that got disbanded.
[SPEAKER_04]: Loki, can you give us more insight?
[SPEAKER_04]: What is going on at Ubisoft this time?
[SPEAKER_03]: The Prince of Persia Lost Crown team unfortunately the game apparently didn't meet sales expectations and so they disbanded the team and are moving them to work on other projects so one of those projects hinted at right now looks like it could be a Rayman game
[SPEAKER_03]: of some sort, but apparently no sequels to this game, which I think has actually got reviewed pretty well.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just don't know what they were expecting
[SPEAKER_03]: How it to sell.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, like, I don't know what they were expecting either, because I don't know if y'all know out there listening and so forth.
[SPEAKER_04]: But this game was not available on Steam when it came out, which is the largest, you know, PC platform.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not even sure it was on Epic Games.
[SPEAKER_04]: It might have been on Epic Games.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_04]: But basically, Ubisoft wanted you to have the subscription to their platform to get this game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: So they kneecapped it from the beginning.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, they did.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so this is yet another case of the developer didn't do anything wrong.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was the publisher that made all the mistakes.
[SPEAKER_04]: And we've unfortunately seen this a lot in the industry.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm thinking back to Mass Effect Andromeda.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm still a little salty over that because remember that game got absolutely hosed because EA insisted on charging, overcharging for the early access and the people that got into early access were a bunch of the clout chasers that were seeking the bugs to put the bugs on full display so that way people cancelled their pre-orders of the game saying it's a buggy mess.
[SPEAKER_04]: when, yeah, the game did have issues, and I'm not excusing the fact that those games had issues, but the game should have not come out for another six months.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not arguing that point, but the game would have done a lot better if, A, the publisher hadn't forced the original release date, B, sold the early access so all the warts could be on full display, and it just goes on and on.
[SPEAKER_03]: and the sell early access is kind of dumb anyways especially in this day and age because we're very I mean we shouldn't expect it but it is the reality that a lot of these games get pushed out without like the proper day one patches or just with like a lot of stuff that needs to be fixed because they are rushing them out for a lot of whatever sales numbers you know they're trying to hit their quarterly numbers or whatever the case may be
[SPEAKER_03]: and I don't know I was thinking about this earlier today gaming has become too corporate is really kind of what it comes down to it's like you know all these discussions that we have with like studios being disbanded layoffs and all the monetization and stuff it's just too corporate it's not like you know where oh this game got reviewed bad it was just it's now it's like well it got reviewed well it's just you know it didn't make the
[SPEAKER_03]: Billion of dollars that Ubisoft wanted or they didn't get people to sign up for their stupid subscription plan that no one wants.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's really dumb.
[SPEAKER_04]: Record WN in chat says, I got it on sale from Best Buy for $35 within a couple months of release.
[SPEAKER_04]: That might have been a better price for most to take a chance.
[SPEAKER_04]: Thank you for highlighting another issue.
[SPEAKER_04]: The game was too damn expensive for what... Are they selling it for $70?
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know if it was that high, but I think it was at least $50.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, for the type of game that there's many alternatives available for $19.99.
[SPEAKER_04]: Game pricing is another really weird point.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it's hard to figure.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I'll admit it's not an easy.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, record confirms it was 50.
[SPEAKER_04]: I admit this is a hard thing to figure out.
[SPEAKER_04]: What game should be worth 70 and what game should be worth 20?
[SPEAKER_04]: This is not an easy issue to figure out, but I'm going to tell you not every game is 70 like some publishers want it to be.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's a lot of nickel and diamond a lot more out of that game to get your 70 eventually.
[SPEAKER_03]: The $70 should be like... We should see a mark... The level of quality of the game needs to be miles better than a $60 game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And same with other stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I don't think... I think it's whatever that it'll sell as, obviously.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because...
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know, like, there's a lot of games, though, like, you and Madden and stuff, where they're charging $70 for that.
[SPEAKER_03]: That game wasn't worth $70, it wasn't worth $60.
[SPEAKER_03]: And, but they're doing it because they're like, oh, well, it's so expensive to make these games.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, that's not really true.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, yeah, it's expensive to produce it, but you're also making, you know, you want everybody to forget about the billions of dollars that you're making off of DLC and microtransactions.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, it's like, oh, we're so poor, you know, but it
[SPEAKER_03]: you're not like it's it's just it's very they just want more money because you know infinite growth and you know that's totally realistic I just I don't know and it's unfortunate but you know what I think is good about this at least it doesn't sound like people were laid off and if they were if some layoffs were to happen like later on you know hopefully a talented team like this could pivot this into you know
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, it should be the publishing team that made the decision to... Nobody should get laid off.
[SPEAKER_04]: The blame is never in the right place.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, let's be realistic here.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're never going to take the blame for their mistakes.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's corporate.
[SPEAKER_03]: They can make all the mistakes that they want.
[SPEAKER_03]: And, you know, the...
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_03]: it's probably going to happen just because they're corporate and they are going to try to make their investors happy and that's all they care about they don't care about you the the end user of said product they don't care about the development teams they want their investors to be happy and unfortunately it's just it you know you just have to vote with your wallet and you know if you want lost crown just get it on deep discount um
[SPEAKER_03]: because I mean there's no sequel anyways but like what I was saying earlier though is if those layoffs eventually happen you know hopefully a team like this could pivot this into something like you know a game that's without the Prince of Persia IP and maybe an independent a new IP that has the same type of gameplay you know a la the you know Castlevania's and the Mega Bands you know maybe not my number nine but you know what I mean
[SPEAKER_04]: Fifth Dream in chat says, it makes me appreciate indies even more.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like when I was on Blue Sky praising a game and the dev found it and thanked me.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I mean, I know I've talked a lot about Blue Sky on this show, but humor me because I'm going to talk about it a little more because it really is feeling like some of the older days of cool social media because I'm having the same experience where the devs are very accessible to me.
[SPEAKER_04]: and as long as you're not a total a-hole which you know most people that are you know fleeing over to blue sky are pretty cool um as long as you're not an a-hole and you treat people worse but you probably will get some interactions especially with some indie devs i had the same thing happen so the um
[SPEAKER_04]: The Rocky Horror Show game came out this week, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so it came out on Steam and I think Itch and Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_04]: Itch and Switch, Itch and Switch.
[SPEAKER_04]: But it did not come out on PlayStation yet, which is kind of what I've been waiting for.
[SPEAKER_04]: So no, I'm sorry to say I haven't played it yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: However, I posted some type of bleat that was like, I'm...
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_04]: The developer of the Rocky Horror Show game replies to that bleep and goes, Seeing that gif makes me think I really want to do a Showgirls game next, but that IP is probably impossible to get.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I was like, you don't know unless you try.
[SPEAKER_03]: Did you see the sequel?
[SPEAKER_04]: Now I'm like, number one, you're cool as fuck for not taking my thing personally and actually responding with my dream game right there.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so I was like, well, you don't know unless you try.
[SPEAKER_04]: You got to go for it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I want my game to push F to throw french fries dramatically.
[SPEAKER_04]: And we ended up having a little back and forth.
[SPEAKER_04]: And now we follow each other.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm like, that's the cool part about Blue Sky right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: Again, your big devs aren't going to be on there, but some of your indie devs are on there and probably enjoying
[SPEAKER_04]: Not having a bunch of dickheads coming into their replies on everything they write.
[SPEAKER_01]: There were some big names already on there when it was still invite.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: A few of the Star Trek people got in, I noticed.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think they passed invites around to themselves.
[SPEAKER_04]: Jerry Ryan, Stashwick, LeVar Burton has an account too, but some of them haven't used it in a long time.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think LeVar Burton uses this account since he first established it.
[SPEAKER_03]: One of the things that sucks, and I'm assuming it's the same with other fandoms as well, is there was a lot of Minecraft creators that on Blue Sky people were...
[SPEAKER_03]: They were holding their domains, you know, just in case they came.
[SPEAKER_03]: They didn't want anybody taking them.
[SPEAKER_03]: But then there's also people like, yeah, you can have back for 50 bucks.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, that's the worst.
[SPEAKER_01]: I hate that kind of thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's terrible.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Domain.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's a big reason why DarkSakura.com is never going anywhere.
[SPEAKER_01]: Just saying.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: And on Instagram, I don't even know who has it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think an actual person has it on Instagram, but some people also use the same nickname, so it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_04]: But on Blue Sky, I got it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And Linktree, I got it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So some websites, if I'm fast enough, I'm able to be the first Rob Roberts, which is nice.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyhow, it's a bummer to hear that that team disbanded.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think they got a raw deal.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, like you said, I'm glad it's not layoffs.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I really hope that doesn't mean it's not layoffs until next week, which would be really shitty and terrible.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, no, it sounds like they were reassigned to other projects because they needed help on other projects.
[SPEAKER_03]: So being that they're not greenlighting a sequel...
[SPEAKER_03]: which is understandable.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, the the the company has a choice to not make a sequel to something.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they always reevaluate that later on to, you know, that at least they're working on something else.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it sounds like it could be like a Rayman game, which is also cool, you know?
[SPEAKER_04]: but it also shows that the game did not like even if they were to invest and do a different thing with that same group in that same vein or you know whatever it's still it's a lack of faith from Ubisoft at the top that what they're going to make next is going to sell because Prince of Persia didn't sell and that has nothing to do with the developers
[SPEAKER_04]: and everything to do with that bone-in choice to put the game on the Ubisoft streaming or the Ubisoft subscription thing, which nobody cares.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nobody cares about Ubisoft's subscription.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nobody cares.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's also like a January release too, I think.
[SPEAKER_03]: It came out like a while ago, so.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think that, I don't think the calendar hurts that much.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe a little bit, but I don't think it hurts that much.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's been games that have come out in January that have done just fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and what games we have been playing this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, you were teasing us a little bit with your trip.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, I played a lot.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, of course I played Dead by Daylight now that it's working again and have just been basically memeing around and encouraging others to do the same.
[SPEAKER_04]: Is it working again because of your ticket?
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, did they do another patch or did they just never really respond to you and suddenly it works?
[SPEAKER_01]: I have no idea what it was, but it works.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because keep in mind, I never see updates anymore.
[SPEAKER_01]: updates are all done on their virtual server that makes sense you don't ever have to wait for a patch that makes sense okay yep all right and so um but i've been i've been enjoying that um making friends you know taming killers that kind of thing um and uh i i think i've been doing nothing but dead by daylight this week because of the twitch fright fest
[SPEAKER_01]: Um, I've also been playing a Suika game.
[SPEAKER_01]: I also went to Coinop, which is our local barcade.
[SPEAKER_01]: And in this house, we feel a certain way about how they treated a friend of ours who supplied pinball tables and did other things.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, is this why they don't have as much pinball as they used to?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because I noticed that last time I was there.
[SPEAKER_01]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: um I played also uh Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles the four player Konami classic with Danielle and um I played some crane games and some skeeball I was like on my skeeball game I got like the five thousand dollar like high one like four times in a row and I was like
[SPEAKER_01]: When was I this good?
[SPEAKER_01]: I think I've always been decent at skee-ball, but that was on my game for some reason.
[SPEAKER_01]: What else did I play?
[SPEAKER_01]: I think that was about... Oh, and Giant Jenga, if we play the semi-Giant Jenga, which I'm apparently really good at when I'm really intoxicated, so go Fig.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then...
[SPEAKER_01]: that's what I remember playing but there were some good costumes also there was a Ryu and a Chun-Li we had Speed Racer we had a horde of Mandalorians come in like of just different characters um I'm trying to yeah it was just really really fun um
[SPEAKER_01]: That's what I played.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sounds like fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: You had Halloween costumes and video games combining and alcohol.
[SPEAKER_04]: Responsibly.
[SPEAKER_04]: Important.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it sounds like you had a winning combination there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, well we'll go over to you, Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: How was your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_03]: it's all minecraft again yeah um so this week uh we had uh we did like a little bit of a halloween thing i didn't stream it but i participated in it so it was like a halloween event a little bit smaller than what we normally did uh so we did like a
[SPEAKER_03]: They had different games that they were playing in the beginning, which I didn't really get to participate in a lot of because I had family stuff going on at the same time.
[SPEAKER_03]: But then we did a Halloween trivia game that was kind of... Or Halloween trivia, like quiz... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was similar to what we did at Christmas last year.
[SPEAKER_03]: And that was put on by Justix, and it was...
[SPEAKER_03]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_03]: So a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: We had some guests from the Unorthoblock server, and we had RusticDragon from Autocraft, so that was pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then, yeah, I've been working on the theme park stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I have the boardwalk pretty much... It's all designed... A lot of it's designed.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'd say it's like 85% done.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then two Redstone minigames that are completely...
[SPEAKER_03]: Built.
[SPEAKER_03]: Design.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I'm rebuilding them now on our actual survival server.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I've been working on just kind of rebuilding everything I designed on the creative server on the survival server and filming that and stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: So just working on getting an episode out hopefully this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was trying to get it done last week, but it took a little bit longer.
[SPEAKER_03]: Redstone recreating, especially those minigames, takes a lot of time.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then...
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, so I'm hopefully going to get that out later this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: And yeah, it's like two attractions and two rides because there's also a merry-go-round that's functional and an alright roller coaster.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's basically a
[SPEAKER_03]: and more.
[SPEAKER_04]: now I could be reading into this wrong but I feel like you've been kind of leaning more into like the amusement park ride thing in Minecraft in the last couple months is this because those videos seem to be gaining more traction it might be kind of like oh no it's my theme this season no no my my channel growth is flat if not negative I thought you were getting uh some good views on some of your no no the algorithm hates me uh it's fine it's just what it is um but no it's
[SPEAKER_03]: it's just uh you know it's not getting traction or anything so that's not why I'm doing it it's just the the theme I've yeah it should be fun most of all right yeah yeah and and it's it's nor nor am I trained to like so uh one like big creator comparison is uh Scar uh Good Times of Scar from Hermitcraft who did uh Scarland which is essentially like Disneyland it's his take on that and so he did like a Main Street and then he had like uh
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: The castle, while really nice, isn't necessarily a ride.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not functional in the sense that you can do anything there other than look at it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so I decided to take the approach of making the park much smaller.
[SPEAKER_03]: Kind of think of a regional theme park.
[SPEAKER_03]: Aside from Disneyland, which has a ton of attractions, your average small theme park...
[SPEAKER_03]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_03]: that uh I guess it's like a midway carnival game the one where you roll the balls into they have like a bunch of holes and then you're racing there's like a race horse going across yeah I used to love that one yeah yeah yeah but skeeball yeah it's sort of it's not quite skeeball but it's like skeeball yeah um I crossed that with a basketball game it's like it's Plinko skeeball sort of yeah yeah it's so it's if you get it into on that one if you get it into like a a
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_03]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_03]: Each basket you sink moves your horse across until it gets to the end.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then whoever wins, you know, wins, obviously.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that's one of the games I have.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it sounds like simple, but like to build the system so it all doesn't break and it, you know, doesn't like have two winners or something like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's quite complicated to keep it that small.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so I built that, which was really cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then I have another game that's kind of like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pop the balloon out of the clown type thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: But there's no balloons, obviously, in Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_03]: So instead, you're throwing snowballs at a target.
[SPEAKER_03]: The more centered to the target you are, the faster the lights go up.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so the trick is you're constantly throwing snowballs and having to manage, you know, because you only have 16 in a stack.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have to manage, you know, switching between your different slots and keeping that cursor centered.
[SPEAKER_03]: and then whoever gets to the end then you know first wins and so there's it's kind of a similar type of gameplay so those are the two mini games I have and then you know a working merry-go-round which surprisingly was harder to do than I thought because minecarts don't like to cooperate and then yeah then the roller coaster is just it's kind of like the last roller coaster I built but yeah we got a the drop tower ride was also fun too
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_04]: My gaming week, of course, like usual, I've been playing way too much Diablo 4, but I'm just so it's so good.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, I really like the balance of endgame activities in this expansion.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's no shortage of things to do.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've been really enjoying it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm up to like, I think I'm at Paragon level 135 now.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, you know, that any indication how much I've been playing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, some Twitch streamers I watch are well into the 200s at this point.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I don't play that much, but I've been playing enough.
[SPEAKER_04]: so I've been playing that and then of course continuing on my retro gaming adventures so I thought this week I would get my revenge on Mario because last week did not go well for me on stream and I forgot to use A and continue and I lost all my progress guess what happened this week I started playing Mario 3 because I was like alright I'll just start at 3 and go backwards I started playing Mario 3 and I fat fingered
[SPEAKER_04]: Using the warp whistle, even though I was intending to play the game completely through.
[SPEAKER_04]: And at that point, I was screwed.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because when you warp from World 3, you can only pick 5, 6, or 7.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I was in hardcore mode, so there's no save states or anything.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I did a reset, and I did it the quick way.
[SPEAKER_04]: I warped to World 8.
[SPEAKER_04]: And when I say quick way, it still took me an hour.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because, man, was I suffering in World 8.
[SPEAKER_04]: But...
[SPEAKER_04]: I got through it eventually and I beat it so that's that was kind of fun so I did that and that YouTube's up and then I did some other um retro look back to my channel I played a game called was Cosmic Ark this week I think it was I think I did Cosmic Ark this week on the Atari 2600 which is an interesting um like two board game where you have like the up down left right uh to destroy the meteors and then you go abduct aliens off the planet it's a really cool concept
[SPEAKER_04]: Yars Revenge for the 2600
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, the Excitebike, I actually, you know, even if I didn't quote-unquote beat Excitebike because I couldn't beat the part-time on the last stage, I felt like on those first few stages, I was flying through.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was like, I'm muscle-memoring my way through Excitebike.
[SPEAKER_04]: This game is fun as fuck.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, once I can remember, like, what I'm doing, it's pretty, pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, well, thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, DarkSakura is saying, Rob's definitely better at Excitebike than I am.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't always feel good at video games, even if I comment on them a lot.
[SPEAKER_04]: But, like,
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, it's funny because I was watching someone else play Excitebike, and I'm going to be very vague because I'm not trying to be that guy, but in my head I was like, I really want to tell this person that they could improve their scores if they would lean the bike forward and not lean the bike backward.
[SPEAKER_04]: and I don't want to be that guy.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I just, you know what, I'm going to go play the game myself and say, well, okay, Hotshot, if you think you're so good at the video game, go play it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so I did.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I, you know, again, the leaning forward was working for me on the earlier tracks, but when we got to track five,
[SPEAKER_04]: I can't figure out a way to get the part time.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to have to memorize that track's layout so I can optimize using the heat strips and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: But everything else I breezed through is just the very last stage, which also, by the way, is gray on gray.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's like you have a light gray track and you have dark gray puddles and dark gray things.
[SPEAKER_04]: And somebody in chat, I think it was Bobby, said something that is probably true.
[SPEAKER_04]: The effect was probably not as bad on CRT televisions.
[SPEAKER_04]: But when you're playing it in an... Yeah, he said it again in chat there at VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_04]: But when you're playing it on an emulator or on your PC or on a more modern monitor, it's very difficult to see the obstacles on the track.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, on a CRT, it probably looked fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's one of those interesting sorts of... Sometimes technology makes the old games harder.
[SPEAKER_04]: It really does.
[SPEAKER_04]: So...
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm figuring out what game, what retro game I'm going to take on this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think...
[SPEAKER_04]: This might finally be the week for the Guardian Legend.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm ready to take that one on.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I think I'm going to do Guardian Legend on stream this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because, I mean, like, I can't not play the Guardian Legend.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, it is one of my favorite Nintendo games of all time.
[SPEAKER_04]: And, of course, I'm going to sit here and go, it's my favorite.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then I'm going to stream it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm going to be such shit at it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Don't cry to me.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to be such shit at that game.
[SPEAKER_04]: But it's fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because you know what?
[SPEAKER_04]: Sometimes it's just about going there.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was also thinking an RPG.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, I'm kind of itching to do Dragon Warrior.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, Dragon Quest when it was new as Dragon Warrior.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe I'll do that next.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's move on with what else is going on in gaming news.
[SPEAKER_04]: This one made me laugh, Loki.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe this is the team that they got transferred to, but...
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, so Ubisoft, there's more news regarding Beyond Good and Evil 2.
[SPEAKER_03]: Apparently the game is still...
[SPEAKER_03]: Happening, I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: So the last thing that we heard was that the creative director, Emil Morrell, passed away back in June 2023.
[SPEAKER_03]: And since then, they hadn't had a person fill that role of creative director for the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: However, now they have.
[SPEAKER_03]: So announced on his LinkedIn page, Fozzy
[SPEAKER_03]: Mesmar has taken over the creative director role on that game.
[SPEAKER_03]: Says I've been working with those peeps for years now on this ambitious game and witnessed their talent firsthand.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm standing on the shoulders of creative giants that supported the team before me.
[SPEAKER_03]: I look forward to continuing to craft a game that is truly unique for players to enjoy.
[SPEAKER_03]: He has worked at Ubisoft for a bit and on some pretty big games, so including the Mario and Rabbids Sparks of Hope, Star Wars Outlaws, and the Beyond Good and Evil 20th Anniversary Edition.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, um... I'm just still surprised that the game's alive and still going, considering that, what, first down is 2009, and then...
[SPEAKER_03]: reintroduced again like kind of like hey it's not dead uh back i'm not dead yet 17 it's just it's uh is this another duke i mean yeah it's doing forever and it's a longer cycle about like not meeting expectations i don't understand how this could possibly meet expectations after
[SPEAKER_04]: and essentially 16 years of development well and here's the thing like every other game that's been in a 10 plus year development cycle beyond good and evils is that what this really is this is an announcement that has been rebooted i know they're i know they're not saying it i know they're not but this is an announcement that they've restarted development at some point you know maybe not like necessarily today but at some point last year or so they have restarted development because obviously how many different fucking systems have they targeted throughout this
[SPEAKER_04]: so I mean it's been a while look at Final Fantasy 15 very clearly a game that restarted development two years before the end Duke Nukem Forever clearly restarted development I mean that's a that's not even a secret they've said they restarted development several times during the cycle that I mean that would have been start it would have started off like you know Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 era
[SPEAKER_03]: and if, yeah, yeah, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 era.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it might make PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_03]: Two generations.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's been several generations already.
[SPEAKER_04]: Good point by SSJ100.
[SPEAKER_04]: Matt, Metroid Prime 4 was restarted at least once.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, and I fully believe that teaser was to kind of shut people up and that they're hiding a lot because there's going to be things with the next Nintendo console in Metroid Prime 4.
[SPEAKER_04]: There has to be.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's... Without fail, every Sunday, I get past some story about rumor of Nintendo announcement coming this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: And there's another one that they're saying, like, these sites in Brazil that have a good track... I'm over it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like, it'll happen when it happens.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, when there's an announcement, there's an announcement.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't need to know when there's going to be an announcement.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, that's not news.
[SPEAKER_03]: Unless it's Nintendo themselves.
[SPEAKER_04]: If Nintendo themselves says...
[SPEAKER_04]: We're putting it on the table on October 31st or whatever, then great.
[SPEAKER_04]: That is news.
[SPEAKER_04]: Finally.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, speaking of Nintendo, why don't we move on to this story?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because this is really funny.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because, you know, remember when everybody had to apply to be in that beta test and it sold out in seconds and you couldn't apply to be in it?
[SPEAKER_04]: But you had to sign an NDA or agree to an NDA or something to be able to get into this?
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't even think they have an NDA yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, it was under NDA.
[SPEAKER_04]: You were under an agreement and Nintendo can basically...
[SPEAKER_04]: cancel your account or whatever if you catch you but we're like that's not going to stop the minute this thing hits we're all going to know what it is and you know what actually the surprising thing was it didn't happen the minute the software hit it happened before because it was data mined once people were able to download it what the hell is going on with this so the Nintendo Mystery Project is apparently what they're calling a Minecraft like MMO
[SPEAKER_04]: so I don't know if that perks your ears up Loki a little bit but I don't think it's like literally but apparently the goal is you work with others to develop a expansive planet by using creativity and farmed resources as you progress you get new lands, new enemies, and new resources for your journey isn't that Dreamlight Valley?
[SPEAKER_04]: Potentially, you know what this, well, let me get back to it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let me read the rest of this.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll tell you what I think this is.
[SPEAKER_04]: You get tools called beacons.
[SPEAKER_04]: The beacons do a healing light that purify and develop the land.
[SPEAKER_04]: The higher you put your beacon up, the wider area purifies.
[SPEAKER_04]: When you're in your beacon zone, you can move, lift, and edit items.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then in that zone, you can create platforms, stairs, Minecraft-like blocks, trees, and other items.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then you have what's called your DPS.
[SPEAKER_04]: Not a GPS, but a DPS.
[SPEAKER_04]: Your Development Positioning System.
[SPEAKER_04]: Of course, in a Nintendo creative Minecraft-like game, I'm sure DPS is going to be dicks per second that get drawn in that world.
[SPEAKER_04]: but fine, DPS Development Positioning System is a special skill and it allows you to see the development status of the planet and the position of other players you can create content for the game but you have to get a UGC license to do so essentially to prove you're not going to start drying dicks everywhere
[SPEAKER_04]: to create UGC.
[SPEAKER_04]: You must obtain a UGC license by taking a test in the game to show that you understand the importance of respectful communication.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, not only does it sound like they're ripping off so many things, and I hope lawsuits come their way, just, you know, just out of karma's sake, you know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Um... It...
[SPEAKER_04]: No, you know what this is?
[SPEAKER_04]: No, I don't want to.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm going to tell you what this is.
[SPEAKER_04]: I disagree.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it's exciting that Nintendo is finally getting into this because this isn't Minecraft, it's Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think this is Nintendo's foray into realizing that there are all these, finally realizing there's all these always online, always present systems and they are not in on that.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is Nintendo's version of Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_04]: and do not misunderstand me.
[SPEAKER_04]: I am not saying this is Nintendo's version of Fortnite Battle Royale.
[SPEAKER_04]: What I am saying is this is Nintendo's version of Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's a difference.
[SPEAKER_03]: Fortnite creative mode?
[SPEAKER_04]: I guess you could say that way but this is them wanting to create that because you bet if this thing and it's probably not in the game yet but there will be
[SPEAKER_04]: Things akin to Battle Passes, especially when you hear like mini games to help you level up in this other world.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're trying to create that always online thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is Nintendo Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just... It didn't make sense when I first heard it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was like, when I first heard it, I was like, I don't know what this is going for.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then when I read it again, I was like, oh, aha.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nintendo is testing the waters on their own Fortnite without using Mario yet.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, I understand, like, okay, so I understand, you know, taking the test and getting a license or some stupid thing like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, it's not going to stop anything.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not going to stop anything.
[SPEAKER_03]: And also, it's just, it sounds to me like, it's like, okay, you don't have a very good content moderation system.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, because you could just put that in the terms of service or something like that.
[SPEAKER_03]: And so it's like, you know, you know that
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, little Billy, that it's inappropriate to draw genitalia out of blocks in this block game, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like, no kidding.
[SPEAKER_03]: They know that it's inappropriate.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're not going to be like, oh, please?
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, like, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_03]: You're not going to be educating a person on this.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just think it's... Okay, sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sure, let's see them do this.
[SPEAKER_03]: But then again, I swear, if it gets...
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: But when it comes to the content, because I do think they should, I think they should have gone after Palwar a long time ago, quite frankly.
[SPEAKER_04]: But when it comes to, and because, and to be clear, specifically on the fact that those are Pokemon and Palwar.
[SPEAKER_03]: On the models.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, you're not going to convince me otherwise.
[SPEAKER_04]: Those are Pokemon and Palwar.
[SPEAKER_03]: The monster models or something like that, not because they're like, well, we own the rights to capture things in a ball.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sorry, no.
[SPEAKER_04]: Here's where I'm going to agree with you, Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: So...
[SPEAKER_04]: Hold your breath.
[SPEAKER_04]: So here's where I'm going to agree with you because I do think this is the type of thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Why did Fortnite get popular?
[SPEAKER_04]: Content creators.
[SPEAKER_04]: Twitch.
[SPEAKER_04]: YouTube that's why for and why did Minecraft get popular content and I get I get that if Nintendo does not learn how to treat content creators and to foster that environment this game is going to backfire and they're going to wonder why are we not getting success with this game because you're not allowing people to create content for it the way they want to create content I will agree that is going to be a challenge for Nintendo that I'm not sure they're ready to meet
[SPEAKER_03]: I just don't trust that they will because aside from just suing people for different things like playing their games on there they have that whole system where they're like, yeah, you should pay us to play our games we should get a portion of your content revenue it's like, excuse me?
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sorry?
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, you shouldn't.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, that is such a backwards approach to it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I don't trust them to do the right thing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because I don't think they've learned their lesson.
[SPEAKER_03]: It doesn't sound like they've learned the lesson.
[SPEAKER_03]: Nothing makes me think that they're going to learn their lesson.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now here's, and I haven't even gotten to the part where I disagree with you, and it goes with a comment in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network where SGO100Matt says, This sounds like a strange swap mix of every trendy top game of the past five to ten years, and I'm going to say it doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_04]: and DarkSakura.com.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_04]: But Nintendo sure perfected the platforming genre, and every platformer aspires to be a Nintendo game.
[SPEAKER_04]: So all I'm saying is, I think until we see a little more, I mean, we'll see how liberally it's borrowing from other games.
[SPEAKER_03]: You're going to need a lot of faith in this to be like, I'm...
[SPEAKER_04]: I feel Nintendo's track record speaks for itself and I'm willing to wait and see their track record in embracing current technology nope and then again the content creation part and being able to be always online and on the internet that part does concern me um so in that way it's a test
[SPEAKER_04]: But I'm not going to write it off just because it's inspired by all these other things because Nintendo is going to put Nintendo's, you know, nice shiny coat on it.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I think people are going to be there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is.
[SPEAKER_04]: I will say this, Loki.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're testing it at all.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nintendo doesn't do this.
[SPEAKER_04]: and this is why Nintendo doesn't do this because now we all know about it but Nintendo doesn't do this and so it's very interesting we'll see I'm very curious not super excited about it
[SPEAKER_04]: Bobby says, I like how we're all like Nintendo keeps doing the same thing over and over.
[SPEAKER_04]: We want something new from them.
[SPEAKER_04]: And now we're like, we hope you get sued for doing something different than anything else you've done before.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not though.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not that they're doing something different than they've done before.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's they're doing something that basically everybody is doing already.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like that's the problem.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not like they came up with this brand new original concept.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're like, hey, let's take this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, and just mash it all together.
[SPEAKER_03]: And yeah, sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hope that it's successful for them.
[SPEAKER_03]: But also at the same time, I kind of hope that maybe there is a lawsuit thrown their way because they have been so litigious against everybody else.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a little bit of karma payback.
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, once again, Nintendo only tries when they get their comeuppance, and they haven't had their comeuppance in a while.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it's about time.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm just saying, love them, but they're not innovative until they're pushed, and pushed by failing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just don't see where that is going to be the issue here.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just don't.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it's going to, especially because they're testing it, it's going to be polished.
[SPEAKER_04]: Everything's going to be fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, the ingredients might be inspired, but sometimes you can make a lot of things with flour, eggs, and the basics.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it just depends on how you blend them and how you put them together.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm not worried that Nintendo's final product is probably not going to be something interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: But again, if the part is that they're leaning into something online,
[SPEAKER_04]: that's the part that Nintendo's track record and how they deal with online communities and how they deal with online products at all not good so that's the part where I'm like I don't know right because if they can't execute on that well they're not going to replicate what happened with Fortnite or what happened with Minecraft because they're going to alienate the content creators that's it we'll see what they put up all right uh let's move on we got another story this is another huge story going on in gaming DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, um, this.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have ever been so much at a loss for reading something that you still don't know how to verbalize it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Emails from my ex.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mom, this is less hilarious.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: The US Copyright Office basically proved that they're very well swayed by money and that the industry is working against game preservation in its entirety.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um...
[SPEAKER_01]: Basically, the preservationist groups have lost their campaign for right to study vintage video games that are in U.S.
[SPEAKER_01]: libraries.
[SPEAKER_01]: Remotely.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like how you would get an e-book for research purposes for free through certain education channels, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: They...
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, but they're saying that this is going to violate copyrights.
[SPEAKER_01]: Basically, the Video Game History Foundation and Software Preservation Network have been fighting this for three years to get an exemption to the rule regarding old video games.
[SPEAKER_01]: They said that they should be able to access emulated copies of their games remotely.
[SPEAKER_01]: The same like ebooks.
[SPEAKER_01]: But...
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm just going to read the quote directly, if you don't mind.
[SPEAKER_01]: This is from their statement.
[SPEAKER_01]: Lobbying efforts by rights holder groups, and they added in that one among that is the ESA.
[SPEAKER_01]: were behind all this.
[SPEAKER_01]: So here's the quote.
[SPEAKER_01]: During our hearing with the Copyright Office, the Entertainment Software Association declared that they would never support remote game access for research purposes under any conditions.
[SPEAKER_01]: The game industry's absolutist position, which the ESA's own members have declined to go on the record to support,
[SPEAKER_01]: forces research to explore extra-legal methods to access the vast majority of out-of-print video games that are otherwise unavailable.
[SPEAKER_01]: And we are dealing with an endangered market of games.
[SPEAKER_01]: Many already completely lost to time and unavailability, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: So...
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm just... Number one... Go ahead.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was just going to say that like Commodore 64, Rob?
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_01]: Only 4.5% of its libraries are still in print.
[SPEAKER_01]: 87% of games released before 2010 are in that category if you're looking at Game Boy games 5.87% of Game Boy titles are still officially available yeah only 13% of classic games are available to be played but are they cool with that?
[SPEAKER_01]: no
[SPEAKER_04]: Delusional
[SPEAKER_04]: Delusional.
[SPEAKER_04]: So you have asked them to turn to piracy because as Jamie just pointed out with the numbers from the study, there is no other way to find 95% of Commodore 64 games.
[SPEAKER_04]: You must pirate them at this point.
[SPEAKER_01]: I have two words.
[SPEAKER_01]: Civil disobedience.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I get it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So every time I pirate a game as an act of civil disobedience.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's an act of protest.
[SPEAKER_04]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I want to draw a very clear line.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't support pirating new games at all.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't support pirating modern games.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't support pirating things that are available on the market.
[SPEAKER_04]: Do I emulate?
[SPEAKER_04]: So this week I did a thing on Yars Revenge, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: And I used an emulator to do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm happy to say that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Do you know how many times I have bought Yars Revenge legitimately?
[SPEAKER_04]: How many times?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because I support Atari.
[SPEAKER_04]: I bought Atari 50.
[SPEAKER_04]: I have one of those Atari 2600 consoles I you know like so yeah if I want to play the game on an emulator I'm gonna fucking do it because I know I also support the legitimate releases of these titles at darn near every opportunity for these types of things like when I was playing uh Dracula X for uh for um
[SPEAKER_01]: I have the game the translation was based off, I have the voice acting in that game, I also have the original Japanese version, and I have two PlayStation copies.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let me finish my thought before, Loki, you jump in here, because what I want to say about the whole piracy and all this, I say there is no other choice but to pirate those games.
[SPEAKER_04]: Technically, because I'll get corrected on it by an email if I don't say it, you can still go.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can travel to the physical library and go do it there.
[SPEAKER_04]: So hooray, you can do that.
[SPEAKER_04]: But do you think students...
[SPEAKER_04]: Who are the most likely audience for this?
[SPEAKER_04]: Do you think students are going to have it in their budget to go hop on a plane to go visit a place for a couple days to go work on their paper?
[SPEAKER_04]: No, this is not realistic.
[SPEAKER_04]: What pisses me off about it is that video games, as an art form, are being treated differently
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_04]: It's money.
[SPEAKER_04]: It pisses me off as a gaming fan time and time again that people are this obtuse on the whole situation, including the worthless ESA.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sorry, Loki, but I needed to finish my thought or I was going to burst.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, Loki, what would you have to say?
[SPEAKER_03]: I was going to say, in the case of playing The Guardian Legend or something like that, I could essentially loan you my copy that I actually have a physical copy of.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have a physical.
[SPEAKER_04]: I bought a physical copy of it when I was in New York City for 30 bucks.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I feel no shame about playing that particular game.
[SPEAKER_04]: But if you think I'm going to spend hundreds of dollars to play, no, I'm going to pirate it.
[SPEAKER_04]: There comes a point.
[SPEAKER_04]: And with the Guardian Legends specifically, it's something about that particular game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Any other problem you deal with is that for people who don't have older TVs or any of the proper conversions, you're dealing with things like input lag.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're not getting the same experience playing off of the original hardware.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hold that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Underline that.
[SPEAKER_04]: What did I just say about SightBike like 10 minutes ago?
[SPEAKER_04]: What did I just say?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's different now on an emulator because it's not the same.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's not a CRT.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes to all of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_04]: some of us have CRTs and can hook up to that but anyone would be hard pressed to find one what am I going to do if the tube blows I'm sure I could find someone but I don't know who can repair it I can get myself a record player but I can't get myself a CRT TV my Astro City is like that right now plus I want to point something else out too if you're telling me Rob if you want to play these games on emulators you should go get the legitimate copy let me ask this
[SPEAKER_04]: How much money did Broderbund... You already know where this is going.
[SPEAKER_04]: How much money did Broderbund get when I bought that cartridge?
[SPEAKER_04]: How much money did the publisher and the developers get when I bought that cartridge secondhand?
[SPEAKER_01]: The only money they got was the original purchase of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Which was why a lot of places were trying... Some companies were trying to stop the resale trade as well.
[SPEAKER_06]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: even though for some companies that's how they make their money I mean I think that's pretty much where GameStop was making their money was the resale market yeah
[SPEAKER_04]: So obviously, I'm glad this isn't permanent and it can be re-approached in three years because hopefully as government employees retire and new ones come in who have maybe grown up around video games, maybe we'll get some sense in there.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's interesting because politically...
[SPEAKER_04]: Today, AOC, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, did a stream with Governor Walz, who obviously is running for vice president, and they played some Madden, and they played, kind of like a joke, at the end, they leaned into the Tim Walz Dreamcast memes, and Tim Walz played Crazy Taxi.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_04]: If Sega didn't re-release Crazy Taxi on Xbox or PC or whatever, because I think he was complaining about the controller.
[SPEAKER_04]: He's like, well, the Xbox controller is different than the Dreamcast one.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because he wasn't doing very well.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's almost like he hadn't played the game since 1999, you know, or whenever he last touched a Dreamcast.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, but, you know, if Sega hadn't had a version of that available...
[SPEAKER_04]: They wouldn't have been able to play that at all.
[SPEAKER_04]: They wouldn't have been able to lean in that meme because you're not going to catch a vice presidential candidate using emulators and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: But thankfully, Sega re-releases their old games.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_04]: I did think that was really cool, by the way.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it is always nice to see
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, politicians playing video games, you know, and I've said this many times on the show.
[SPEAKER_04]: I learned this a very difficult way by having an ex who was a politician.
[SPEAKER_04]: And that rule is any fucking idiot can be a politician.
[SPEAKER_04]: Trust, trust anybody.
[SPEAKER_04]: You sitting there listening to this, you have exactly what it takes to get into politics.
[SPEAKER_04]: Trust me.
[SPEAKER_04]: Someone way more clueless than you has run for office.
[SPEAKER_04]: I dated them.
[SPEAKER_04]: so I just hope the right people start getting into the right positions to start making changes but you know at least this is something that can be re-approached in three years but three years seems like a long time how many games will be pirated yo ho ho by students ESA good job on that anyway moving on Loki maybe some more pleasant news for us
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, we can talk about Sakurai and his YouTube channel, which is now, he's kind of done with his video series and basically saying that, hey, guess what?
[SPEAKER_03]: It was mostly pre-recorded, which I guess is surprising to some people.
[SPEAKER_03]: What I was surprised with is how much he said it costs to produce the content on his channel, which was $600,000.
[SPEAKER_03]: That seems a bit...
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't know I mean I understand you gotta pay salaries of people who are editing and working on the videos and all that stuff I guess some of those licensing costs almost feel like that might have been exploitative that seems awfully high you know as someone who licenses music on the regular and stuff it seems awfully high yeah
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyways, the other surprise is that he's actually been pitching a new project back when the channel first started, and he is able to move forward with it.
[SPEAKER_03]: He says, I received a request to write a game proposal, which I finished at lightning speed, and I'm sorry I can't share more about this project, but assuming that we're able to get it made, it should be announced sooner or later.
[SPEAKER_03]: So...
[SPEAKER_04]: I wonder if people are going to jump to conclusions that it'll be with the new Nintendo system announcement.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because this is oddly timed.
[SPEAKER_03]: Or is it the game that you're beta testing right now?
[SPEAKER_04]: Is that it?
[SPEAKER_04]: Is that Sakurai's game?
[SPEAKER_04]: I doubt that that's Sakurai's game.
[SPEAKER_04]: That feels too experimental to be his game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Almost too experimental.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'd love to be wrong, but I don't think so.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um...
[SPEAKER_04]: whatever he wants and we will support it
[SPEAKER_04]: In fact, go help pay for all those people that worked on the videos.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sure he's made a lot of that back already.
[SPEAKER_03]: He has millions of subscribers across his two channels and over 80 million views.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's good.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think he's probably recouped a lot of that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_04]: I wanted to go back.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sorry not to belabor the emulation story too much, but this is a really good comment in chat that I missed when we were talking about it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I want to read it now.
[SPEAKER_04]: So Questbuster in chat said, as someone that has used emulation to research extremely old titles from the early 80s and even the late 70s, it's an extremely important tool for accessibility.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't have my own access to a Plato environment, but thanks to an emulated terminal, I can get to one maintained by volunteers.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, case in point.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, emulation is not just about downloading, you know, old school 8-bit Nintendo and Sega games.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, yeah, sure, to some extent.
[SPEAKER_04]: But it's about even systems you can't play anymore because most of the systems don't even work or malfunction or have ceased to, you know, they've disappeared.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I think that's a very excellent point.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can't even research old systems.
[SPEAKER_04]: Silly.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_04]: Konami in the last year or two feels very different than Konami five years ago, or I guess I should say pre-COVID Konami.
[SPEAKER_04]: It really feels like they've evaluated some things and they're in a different place.
[SPEAKER_03]: Figured out some stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, and they're licensing some things appropriately.
[SPEAKER_04]: And we kind of knew already, like, okay, Konami's not going to go after vampire survivors because they licensed Contra to it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Vampire Survivors is getting the Ode to Castlevania.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is going to launch appropriately on October 31st.
[SPEAKER_04]: Over 20 new characters.
[SPEAKER_04]: all of the Belmonts, Simon, Richter, Trevor, Sonya, the Belmonts, Sypha, Yoko, Charlotte, Aline, Maria, Renard, all in it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Other heroes, Jonathan Morris and John Morris, both in the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: New weapons, whips, spells, projectiles, more whips, glyphs,
[SPEAKER_04]: and a lot of really cool 8-bit sounding classics like Vampire Killer, Bloody Tears but these are remixes that are done by Vampire Survivor composers Danielle Zandara and Filippo Virarelli and some fan favorites as well so this is really cool
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: but um I may have to check out this Castlevania DLC I'm really uh I'm really excited to check it out so you know what good on Konami and I still haven't played the Silent Hill 2 remake yet sorry I do I do want to get around to it um maybe in the next couple weeks appropriately for the season but then of course you know then we get the Suikoden remaster next year which I I hope is going to be good and maybe dare I say Konami is back dare I say
[SPEAKER_04]: By the way, speaking of old school Konami, you could tell during the intro tonight that Jason was on the road, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because you could tell he was on his muffled microphone.
[SPEAKER_04]: And we appreciate that Jason is that dedicated to do that shit even when he's on the road.
[SPEAKER_04]: He does not like to fly, so he drives to a lot of different places that he goes to.
[SPEAKER_04]: And he sent me pictures.
[SPEAKER_04]: I had no idea that this was a thing going on, but he sent me pictures of Naoki, yes, that Naoki from the DDR days, DJing some sort of dance or rave.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I was like, is that Naoki?
[SPEAKER_04]: And he said, yep, in Vegas And so it looks like there was some sort of thing called Red Note Because I can see all the merchandise in the background that has arrows on it So I guess there was some sort of DDR convention, tournament, get-together type of thing called Red Note Or is that the arcade?
[SPEAKER_04]: Is that the arcade in Vegas?
[SPEAKER_04]: Weren't they going to open a music game arcade there in Vegas?
[SPEAKER_03]: It was off the strip That sounds cool if they were going to I didn't know anything about that
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, it is.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, it's not a convention.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's the actual space.
[SPEAKER_04]: Holy shit, they must have gotten Naoki to DJ there.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's incredible.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, so that was the... Okay, so I remember this coming up on the show a couple years ago, so I guess they opened now.
[SPEAKER_04]: I went to their website, rednotelv.com.
[SPEAKER_04]: 5,000 square foot arcade facility dedicated to playing rhythm and music games located in Las Vegas.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know it's not on the strip.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um...
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know where this is at.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm trying to figure this out relative to the strip.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, it's nowhere.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, it's to the west.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's way to the west of the stratosphere down Oki Boulevard.
[SPEAKER_04]: So like way over there.
[SPEAKER_04]: So way, way over there is this place.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I guess Naoki must have been DJing there.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm trying to look at their calendar real quick.
[SPEAKER_04]: Red October 2024, the premier Step Maniacs competition held at Red Note.
[SPEAKER_04]: Aha, that's what it is.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh yeah, I played that too.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, Naoki's been doing all that collaboration with Step Maniacs.
[SPEAKER_04]: In fact, I think the latest pack that came out was like all his stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that doesn't surprise me at all.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's awesome.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that's great.
[SPEAKER_03]: Glad to see that game's doing well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, how'd you like it?
[SPEAKER_01]: I had that at coin-op.
[SPEAKER_01]: I couldn't hear any of the music, but I did really well.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hey, good job.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, for having several drinks in me.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, and the music.
[SPEAKER_01]: And breaking into new pair of Doc Martens.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, Matt says that is a ways away from the Stratosphere.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, like, I know I said, like, it's west of the Stratosphere, but I mean, like, miles west of the Stratosphere.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because, yeah, you have to go way down the road there.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, so I guess that's where Jason went, was to go to that Step Maniacs competition.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's rad, though.
[SPEAKER_04]: The photos of Naoki, I was like, fuck yeah, that's awesome.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm glad to see he's still making music and having a good time, so good for him.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, let's move on to people having less of a good time.
[SPEAKER_04]: Are we on Loki?
[SPEAKER_04]: No, we're on Jamie.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_01]: Are we?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes, we are.
[SPEAKER_01]: I get to say something.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: You can say something any time.
[SPEAKER_01]: anything remember everybody has a voice that's right you just have to use it well except me when I woke up this morning anyway um so you know the whole thing how Netflix was gonna make money uh by making their own games and they took back a bunch of their licenses and everything remember that it failed
[SPEAKER_01]: And you know what?
[SPEAKER_01]: The studio known as Team Blue that was supposed to
[SPEAKER_01]: Go in and really turn things around.
[SPEAKER_01]: They had some ideas for doing these huge multi-device games and being ambitious and focused on their mobile units.
[SPEAKER_01]: They made some really big hires and everything.
[SPEAKER_01]: Including, like in 2022, they got...
[SPEAKER_01]: They were trying to get Chaco Sunny, the Overwatch executive producer, and did.
[SPEAKER_01]: He also worked on Call of Duty and Santa Monica before that.
[SPEAKER_01]: But this Team Blue is no more.
[SPEAKER_01]: They got shut down.
[SPEAKER_01]: that's unfortunate but you know it's well and those hires those big names that they got they were already gone oh so they had already left and so maybe there wasn't the glue there to hold the rest together I get the impression that's what happened it could be that they just didn't stay for their positions at Netflix interesting
[SPEAKER_04]: I wonder if Netflix wasn't giving it the proper I mean there's so many angles you can sort of read into this and you know it's all just trying to guess it's all crystal balling but you gotta wonder if Netflix just wasn't giving it an appropriate amount of resources maybe they thought oh we can hire these big names and they'll just come in and presto change-o they're gonna make a game but if they weren't supported appropriately then they probably got fed up and left or if they were facing the wrong type of resistance and all that stuff
[SPEAKER_01]: well I mean they got the other people mentioned in this is Joseph Statton who was the creative lead on the Halo franchise and he was supposed to be a creative director for one of those big games they were thinking of and then they also had Raphael Grassetti as art director who also again worked with Sony Santa Monica and he was the God of War art director
[SPEAKER_01]: Those are some really big names from really big talents and then to just fuck it up, you know, say, okay, we're not doing this anymore.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I'm sure it was a longer time coming.
[SPEAKER_01]: I got the thought that it was going to be eventually shut down when Dead by Daylight got the Stranger Things license back.
[SPEAKER_01]: and it proved they never took out Larry's.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not Larry's.
[SPEAKER_01]: Why did I say Larry's?
[SPEAKER_01]: The Hawkins map.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hawkins map, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, well I always thought they'd just reskin the Hawkins map to not be Hawkins, but hey, glad they got the license back.
[SPEAKER_01]: That makes one of us.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm kidding.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm glad they got the license back, but Hawkins is still a pain in the ass map.
[SPEAKER_01]: But not that map.
[SPEAKER_03]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_04]: Loki, what do you got for us?
[SPEAKER_03]: I got some fantastic news for you.
[SPEAKER_03]: Can't wait.
[SPEAKER_03]: See what I did there.
[SPEAKER_03]: Fantastic.
[SPEAKER_03]: Remember them?
[SPEAKER_03]: Last year they released a game, if you will, called The Day Before.
[SPEAKER_03]: um in which you know it flopped for being a bait and switch and an absolute waste of money and then everybody got refunded and all that stuff and it yeah and it was bad and they didn't pay people and all that fun stuff well uh then you may remember they came back with a kickstarter for a game called escape factory which looked like fall guys um
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, and so also along with that, they've wiped their X account.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm sorry, I'm going to call it Twitter.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're not calling it X. Or maybe we should call it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Who cares?
[SPEAKER_03]: No one cares.
[SPEAKER_03]: They wiped their social media accounts so they can move everything to Discord.
[SPEAKER_03]: They also removed their apology that was on there as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: And yeah, a lot of the other information about the games.
[SPEAKER_03]: Why won't they just die?
[SPEAKER_04]: All I have to say about... I have one thing to say about this.
[SPEAKER_04]: One.
[SPEAKER_04]: Stick to crypto.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, and honestly, at this point, if you're going to trust this studio any further, you're just asking to be ripped off at this point.
[SPEAKER_03]: With all the scams that they've tried to pull recently.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just don't.
[SPEAKER_04]: Take it from me.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was dumb enough to back the Amico, and even I'm not dumb enough to back this.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sure the Amico's coming out someday.
[SPEAKER_01]: Actually came to pass.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was the Hatoful Boyfriend plushies and the Dead by Daylight board game.
[SPEAKER_04]: There was a lot of great Kickstarters that I backed.
[SPEAKER_04]: The Shadowgate remake, GamerX when it was, you know, a thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Every year.
[SPEAKER_03]: Got some Marble Run things from the company that bought my wooden pinball machine.
[SPEAKER_04]: but unfortunately due to the success of those Kickstarters then everybody else started getting on board because they were like oh it's a way to get money and not have to actually do anything so now I don't I haven't backed a Kickstarter in a very long time and I probably won't again oh yeah the EGM one I gotta get on that before it closes that one I might break my streak for that that does look really cool and I do want to support the print media books because again we talked about this before but I do love the Guinness book and not just because we're in it like I love that it's a recent piece of gaming media so pretty cool
[SPEAKER_04]: I wanted to mention this real quick before I get into this next story and then ultimately the classic game of the week, but I was talking about the arcade that Jason was at, so I was texting him and he just, I was like, well, how was that arcade?
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm curious.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so he messaged me back and he said, spacious given the sheer number of dance game setups they have, and then a little interior room for all the tapping games.
[SPEAKER_04]: Three Step Maniacs machines and two Dance Rush machines in the front, a circle of four or five more ITG and DDR setups in the back.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is a purpose-built arcade, music games, and mentions that there's other ones saying it makes for a good third place.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I think that refers to that kind of phenomenon you might have heard about with Starbucks, really aims to be that third place.
[SPEAKER_04]: You go to home, you go to work, and then you have that third place that you hang out at.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: interesting um interesting concept there but uh the ballet studio yeah this is probably the colonial theater for me but uh but yeah um neat um insight there I I actually I did I have not said this in about a year I kind of want to go to Vegas I haven't said that in a year because last time I went to Vegas but now TwitchCon this yeah it was TwitchCon and all that madness oh that was not good but
[SPEAKER_04]: Now that I'm reading that, I'm like, oh, I kind of want to go to Vegas.
[SPEAKER_04]: See?
[SPEAKER_04]: I think what it is, I want to go to Vegas and not the Strip.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's what it is.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't think I need to ever go shopping at Caesar's Palace again.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just made me sad.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I just want to not go to the Strip.
[SPEAKER_04]: So...
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, there's places I want to go.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, I can go shoot a crossbow at, you know, Excalibur.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, there's a lot of cool shit.
[SPEAKER_04]: I wouldn't mind going back to Area 15 and all that.
[SPEAKER_04]: That was pretty fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, that too.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I also, you know, like how very badly I violated the crane game at Circus Circus last time I was there.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was... I... For what they had in there, I managed to leave with half of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, let's move on to this story, which is a very interesting piece of gaming history that crossed under my eyes this week, and I thought we'd talk about it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it is a rare VHS from a monumental court case.
[SPEAKER_04]: So a VHS that was created for the court...
[SPEAKER_04]: and DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_04]: Props to BlueSky because it was a BlueSky user, Molly Penn, over on BlueSky, wrote a bleat that said, Holy fuck, I think I found it.
[SPEAKER_04]: It being GameFan's copy of one of the exhibit tapes that Data East produced for Capcom's lawsuit against them over Fighter's history.
[SPEAKER_04]: and so sure enough within a day they got the tape created and now it's on YouTube and you can actually watch it and it's a 16 minute video and it is Data East side of the case so they actually start to outline I watched a good chunk of it and I have to say I was you know with as much as when I played Fighters History I was like yeah this is a Street Fighter clone
[SPEAKER_04]: and DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_04]: It's just what they never talk about, at least in that video, is the movesets and how they are very similar.
[SPEAKER_04]: But does Capcom own the concept of a fireball or a sonic boom?
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's ultimately what the court case kind of came down to.
[SPEAKER_04]: I should state there was a second video that talked about the moves, but it was not on this particular tape.
[SPEAKER_04]: But who knows, maybe that too will be found someday.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I found the tape to be very interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I would highly recommend giving it a watch.
[SPEAKER_04]: I actually put it up on our Blue Sky account.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hey, look at me using social media.
[SPEAKER_04]: And if you want to, check out our page over at orangeloungeradio.bsky.social.
[SPEAKER_04]: I also did something I haven't done in a long time.
[SPEAKER_04]: I asked the listeners, what do you think?
[SPEAKER_04]: And Darktoseer responded over on Blue Sky saying, Personally, I thought most of the characters were different enough that you could tell the difference at a glance.
[SPEAKER_04]: But Capcom claiming copyright on the various archetypes, Shoto characters with fireballs, Chinese kung fu fighter, thigh kickboxers, big slow grappler, etc.
[SPEAKER_04]: seemed a bit of a reach.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, I thought that was very...
[SPEAKER_03]: If things turned out differently, we could have had a Street Fighter X Fighters History game.
[SPEAKER_01]: I would still love to see...
[SPEAKER_04]: Go ahead.
[SPEAKER_04]: I never realized until I watched the video that there were things flashing on the opponents that were supposed to denote weak points.
[SPEAKER_04]: That was Fighter's History's big difference from Street Fighter.
[SPEAKER_04]: The weak points would flash.
[SPEAKER_04]: I never realized that until I watched that video.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was like, they did?
[SPEAKER_04]: I remember that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Barely remember that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyway, very interesting piece of gaming history.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just thought that was very cool.
[SPEAKER_04]: Some folks saying that Dynamite, DarkTitsy in chat saying there are fans of the sequel and OrangeRite says, Fighter's history, Dynamite, or Karnov's Revenge is great.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_06]: Okay, man.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's fair.
[SPEAKER_04]: Karnov's Revenge was a little better.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, while we're on the topic of retro games, what a perfect time for our next segment.
[SPEAKER_00]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_04]: Sorry about that.
[SPEAKER_04]: A little audio bled through there, but DarkSakura, what did you pick for the classic game this week?
[SPEAKER_01]: Pio Pio Da which I was so excited to get this game and then so disappointed when I played it but it's worth mentioning just for one of those quirky early Dreamcast games you know the name was Pio Pio Da featuring Atlanta System and it is a dancing game from 1999 that came out in the arcade and on the Dreamcast it was only released
[SPEAKER_01]: in Japan, and it was an adaptation of another compile DiskStation games, Broadway Legend Elena.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, basically, you're playing as Arl Nadja,
[SPEAKER_01]: and they she and her friends are gonna take some time off of doing that whole appeal thing and have people dance with them so it's got different dance stages kind of like Parappa-ish I guess and then it has this thing called the Elena system so it uses that to render the game and
[SPEAKER_01]: brings in a new original character named Elena Stevens who is the protagonist of Broadway legend Elena featuring Park Ji-young.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you can play as one or two characters and you listen to
[SPEAKER_01]: kind of J-pop-ish tunes more stuff that's like remixes of Puyo Puyo stuff or original tunes and then depending on how well you copy the moves that are put across you this is the part that gets into Parappa then you can drop nuisance Puyos on your opponent and if their bar drops to zero then it's over
[SPEAKER_01]: But this one, this is one of the rare Puyo Puyo games that actually got mostly negative reviews.
[SPEAKER_01]: GameSpot said it was 2.3 and the quote says it's a terrible rating and said you can't pick up Puyo Puyo Da and be
[SPEAKER_01]: completely fed up within an hour.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I mean, I got frustrated with it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I thought it was cute.
[SPEAKER_01]: I thought that the concept was great.
[SPEAKER_01]: The music was... The dancing went on a little long, especially if you and the other player were really good at the game.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you'd have a lot of repetition in it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But overall, I thought that it was a fun venture into the, you know, pure story without actually, you know,
[SPEAKER_01]: being a literal peel-peel game.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it came out, like I said, in the arcade.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the Dreamcast release was a...
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay, so I should switch to showing the arcade version then.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it was, of course, a Naomi game.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, that's all I have to say about it.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: I somehow never played this at all, as much as I loved music games and all of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I thought I had you over when I got this.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe?
[SPEAKER_04]: I do not remember it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I really don't.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think I got this and Rainbow Cotton close to the same time.
[SPEAKER_04]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love this character, though.
[SPEAKER_04]: It looks like a cheap, cheap fish in a ballerina suit.
[SPEAKER_04]: Tara?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: oh yeah I like to like in normal P.O.P.O.
[SPEAKER_01]: when you play against them it's just fish but yeah that's that's just like the series of splash screens from the arcade version but the music in the game is really is really cute you know but um I think one of these games I might have to do the series that Arla came from all right
[SPEAKER_04]: well for now we'll leave it that it's your classic game of the week okay let's get back into some gaming news we have release dates coming up as well and maybe some of your calls coming up on air here from the green room a little later but first we have some rapid fire news we're going to talk about some other headlines quite quickly I need to go AFK real quick but I will be back
[SPEAKER_03]: So, Star Wars Outlaws has a brand new patch on the PlayStation 5 that patches in screen tearing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Love that screen tearing.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, apparently they were improving stealth, NPC AI, and other things, but it somehow also affected the screen updating.
[SPEAKER_03]: And along with that, it says...
[SPEAKER_03]: Yooka-Yooka-Replay?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yooka-Laylee?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's Yooka-Laylee, but it's Yooka Replay-Laylee.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're playing words there.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it's a remaster of Yooka-Laylee that is going to be headed to the Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is actually going to be coming, I don't know when, but it was just announced at the MCM EGX event in London.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it looks nice.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're going to have remastered art and animation.
[SPEAKER_03]: New Improved Challenges, a new Collectible Currency, they're going to have revised controls and camera, and a dreamy orchestral soundtrack that's being done by the video game composers for Banjo-Kazooie and Donkey Kong Country.
[SPEAKER_04]: Dr. C in the chat is saying, actually, they said Nintendo platforms, so maybe Switch 2?
[SPEAKER_04]: Question mark?
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, I would assume if it's being announced now.
[SPEAKER_03]: It didn't say specific, but we'll see.
[SPEAKER_03]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think that's a safe bet to me.
[SPEAKER_04]: Or maybe it's going to be playable on both, probably.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because we expect that the Switch 2 will be backwards compatible.
[SPEAKER_04]: The question is, hopefully we're making a right assumption there.
[SPEAKER_04]: I would be extremely disappointed if it's not.
[SPEAKER_04]: But the question is, will games play better or will they play differently?
[SPEAKER_04]: on a Switch 2, but Nintendo's just going to have to answer that someday, whenever they feel like it, I guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
[SPEAKER_01]: I have a classic game that not many people might know about called Metamorphic Force, which is a 1993 Konami game.
[SPEAKER_01]: The beat-em-up is this week's Arcade Archives release.
[SPEAKER_01]: it will be released in Japan or it's already out in Japan and then we're supposed to get it over here not too far later but it uses the same hardware that Mystic Warriors uses and it's a fun game I've played it I think I have it on my Evercade but yeah it would be a good thing to pick up okay
[SPEAKER_04]: By the way, the folks should know about this game here at Orange Sounds Radio.
[SPEAKER_04]: You picked this as your classic game somewhere around like 993 or something.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it was pointed out by Dark Tetsuya that you've done this as a classic game.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_01]: Why would I be offended by them being obscure?
[SPEAKER_04]: Peepees and Beebees from 1991, Snow Bros 2 from 1994, and Skyshark, the 8-bit version.
[SPEAKER_01]: Fucking love Skyshark.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_04]: Pretty cool that that is going to be happening.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, very excited to see that.
[SPEAKER_04]: I need to get some more Evercade cartridges.
[SPEAKER_04]: I only have a few.
[SPEAKER_04]: I never really went hog and bought a lot more, but I need to.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right, well, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates of some games that are coming out very soon.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, Loki, we'll start in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_03]: We have Clock Tower Rewind on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_04]: Wait, like the killer scissor guy game?
[SPEAKER_04]: It must be.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, that's cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, it is.
[SPEAKER_03]: I believe it's the remaster of the original game.
[SPEAKER_04]: Neat.
[SPEAKER_03]: Life is Strange Double Exposure on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_03]: Neptunia Game Maker R Evolution on Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_03]: Red Dead Redemption on PC.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's finally happening.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's going to be coming out.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pokemon Trading Card Game Pocket on iOS and Android.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_03]: The Bunny Graveyard on Nintendo Switch Carrion on iOS and Android We have Dragon Age The Veil Guard on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Here we go Here we fucking go Here we go
[SPEAKER_03]: Horizon Zero Dawn Remastered on PC and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_03]: We've got looks like Raiden Nova on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_03]: Redacted on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_03]: Shadows of the Damned, Hella Remastered Nice I love that name That's on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Stalker, Legends of the Zone Trilogy on Nintendo Switch
[SPEAKER_03]: We have Amazon, The Explorer's Legacy on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_03]: And Batman Arkham Shadow on the Quest 3.
[SPEAKER_03]: And last but not least, Yasha, Legends of the Demon Blade on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, hold on, there's one more day in the...
[SPEAKER_03]: TheWeek here, I forgot about that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Arrow, The Acrobat, Rascal Rival Revenge on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, and Farmagia on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_03]: Is it about cheese?
[SPEAKER_03]: It is about farming and magic.
[SPEAKER_03]: So farm... Oh, I thought you said formagia.
[SPEAKER_03]: Formagia.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, it could be about cheese.
[SPEAKER_01]: Formagia.
[SPEAKER_01]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_03]: It looks like it's like beasts and farming.
[SPEAKER_01]: And what is your magical discipline?
[SPEAKER_01]: Cheese!
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, honestly, if I'm looking at the screenshots and judging based on that, I barely see any farming.
[SPEAKER_03]: But then I do see farming, so I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Maybe.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, well I'm gonna travel to Japan I was looking up that Clock Tower and it is, like it's I have to remember the one we got on Playstation was Clock Tower 3, this is the actual original one from the Super Famicom, is like a remake on the Switch, that's pretty cool so, anyway cause I don't think that that one's ever been released outside of Japan, officially I think there's been like fan transfers I have an English version of Clock Tower that I was considering playing for Retro Night Oh, which, oh, well
[SPEAKER_04]: It would be well-timed, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right, let's go to Japan, and we have a bunch of releases on Halloween.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, not a bunch, but a few releases on Halloween.
[SPEAKER_04]: October the 31st, of course, and that starts with Raiden Nova is coming out as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yep, that is a new shooter in the Raiden series.
[SPEAKER_04]: That should be kind of fun, so check that out on the Switch.
[SPEAKER_04]: Also, if you're looking for some classics, Kemco RPG Selection Volume 8.
[SPEAKER_04]: because they keep cranking these things out.
[SPEAKER_04]: But now you can get Monster Viator, Crystal Ortha, Armed Ameth, and Justice Chronicles are all some classics coming out on the Switch in one package out in Japan.
[SPEAKER_04]: Shogun Showdown also out on the Switch this week in Japan.
[SPEAKER_04]: That same Farmagia game is coming out in Japan as well on the first.
[SPEAKER_04]: And that is it for the Switch.
[SPEAKER_04]: Wolf Fang, Skull Fang, Saturn Tribute Boosted Kemco RPG Selection Volume 1
[SPEAKER_04]: makes its way to the PlayStation 5 because now I guess they're going to start cranking them out on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_04]: Why not?
[SPEAKER_04]: So you can get Antiquia Lost, As Divine Hearts, Dragon Sinker, and Revenant Saga are in that first collection from Kemco coming out on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can also get Dragon Age The Veil Guard.
[SPEAKER_04]: It will be out in Japan as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're getting their own version of it this week, same day as we are.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, how about you?
[SPEAKER_01]: We have on the 29th for PC, PS5, Xboxes, Life is Strange, Double Exposure On PC, Red Dead Redemption, Monument Valley 2, also on Netflix Phasmophobia, Early Access for PS5 and Xbox Clock Tower Rewind
[SPEAKER_01]: On the 30th, we have the Pokemon Trading Card Game Pocket for iOS and Android.
[SPEAKER_01]: Shadows of the Dim, Halo Remastered for all of those on the 31st.
[SPEAKER_01]: Also on the 31st, Dragon Age Veilguard.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have Redacted, Horizon Zero Dawn Remastered for PC, PS5.
[SPEAKER_01]: On the Switch, we have Stalker Legends of the Zone Trilogy.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then on November 1st, Farmagia.
[SPEAKER_06]: Farmagia for all.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyhow, let's move on with a couple more stories and then we will get to any calls if there are any and possibly emails.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't think we do, but I will always ask for them as I have been.
[SPEAKER_04]: Loki, we'll go to you.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it's quest to become more like Overwatch 1.
[SPEAKER_03]: Overwatch 2 has now announced that... Well, they already announced that they're going to be returning to its 6v6 format.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it's coming soon.
[SPEAKER_03]: Next season, actually, is when that's coming out.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they're actually doing testing for it right now.
[SPEAKER_03]: So they're going to start holding two separate tests for the return to 6v6.
[SPEAKER_03]: it's going to take place with the new season starting December 10th however instead of returning to the 2-2-2 role spread it is actually going to they're requiring one hero of each role and then the three other people can just do whatever they want and then also they're going to be tweaking the 5v5 format a new variation for it that allows basically two heroes per role
[SPEAKER_03]: and then I guess the third person is just whatever.
[SPEAKER_03]: Cool.
[SPEAKER_03]: I, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like, is this even Overwatch 2 at this point?
[SPEAKER_03]: Like, has it, if we're going back to everything that Overwatch 1 was?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, it's kind of what the fans asked for to be honest.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was, I mean, but also, like,
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_04]: They're not really going back to what people had before which was the 2-2-2 system.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm assuming they are doing that because queue times got really bad in original Overwatch.
[SPEAKER_04]: They had to come up with these creative ways because not enough people were queuing for tanks.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm not sure that they want to just go back to that old system because it's probably going to cause a lot of problems with queuing.
[SPEAKER_04]: That makes sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: in both those modes, you have a lot of flexibility in a lot of those roles.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that'll be interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: And Deft brings up a very good point.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maps now are designed to be five versus five.
[SPEAKER_04]: This is why we don't have two point maps like Hanamura.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, yeah, I'll be interested to see what it changes to the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I also sort of think like maybe Blizzard ought to think about what is next for Overwatch.
[SPEAKER_03]: Bring all the old maps back.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_04]: People are just gonna scream.
[SPEAKER_04]: And to be fair, probably for no reason because Blizzard is now in a different place than it was when Overwatch 2 happened.
[SPEAKER_04]: Bobby Kotick is no longer in the picture.
[SPEAKER_04]: Him and Mike Morhaime are not actively having creative differences over Blizzard games anymore.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I do want to, you know, and the Overwatch team lead is different, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: The other guy left.
[SPEAKER_04]: So Overwatch has the potential to be in a very different place and maybe take some of the best for one and two and kind of put it in.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I don't think we should necessarily react if we're going to hear Overwatch 3, but everybody's going to.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I also think maybe Overwatch 3 is not a great branding.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think it's time to, I honestly think.
[SPEAKER_04]: What do I know?
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_04]: One more story, and I thought this one was funny, so I would save this for last, but it is an actual accessory.
[SPEAKER_04]: This isn't even a joke.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's an actual, I mean, the Xbox mini fridge, which is really a mini cooler, which really doesn't cool shit, but okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: That ended up being real, so why not this?
[SPEAKER_04]: Southern comfort of all companies.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_04]: It's something you can get in a giveaway, but you can also buy it for $50.
[SPEAKER_04]: It went on sale Friday, so I don't know if it's already sold out or what.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, I'm actual... Why couldn't we have that with a good drink?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's out of stock, so sorry.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's a little bottle, so maybe you can find something with the same form factor, I guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: If you didn't buy it already, you're probably screwed because it's out of stock, which is not surprising at all.
[SPEAKER_04]: But the SoConsole is the only gaming console cover in the world that can store and dispense shooters of the SoCo sour straight to gamers age 21 and up.
[SPEAKER_04]: This innovative device is part gaming accessory, part celebration, offering fans an epic way to upgrade their gaming experience.
[SPEAKER_04]: They keep emphasizing this is for adults only.
[SPEAKER_03]: that would be more of a downgrade if I was playing they call it an upgrade but it doesn't even fry chicken I mean so I just I can't really follow that yeah I mean like if there was a pizza oven you know that would just make me a pizza in the middle of the game when I don't want to get up and make one although I guess to be fair it wasn't a fryer it was a chicken warmer but whatever you know what no chicken involved no fried chicken
[SPEAKER_04]: denied plus it looks like you it doesn't actually like dispense shots out of a nozzle it looks like you put the little bottles in the top and then when you hit the bottom one of them pops out and the greatest part about that is like you actually look at the the like the close-up shots that they have and it's all 3d printed too it's like oh no wonder it's so cheap how cheap we can cheap this you know it's it's
[SPEAKER_03]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_03]: Is someone really that big of a fan of this?
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm only talking about it for the lols.
[SPEAKER_04]: But it's sold out.
[SPEAKER_03]: Even the remote's 3D printed.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, all of it's 3D printed.
[SPEAKER_04]: As Joe100Matt says, speaking of which, did you see the Atari whiskey decanter in the shape of a joystick?
[SPEAKER_04]: I did not, but that doesn't surprise me.
[SPEAKER_03]: to be honest that I would buy yeah just because I feel like whiskey whiskey decanters are things I see like I they had one at Dragon Con that was like official and everything so um I mean if you want like a good tie-in product that's unnecessary but at least has the most functionality I would say probably that the uh the Deadpool butt controllers would wait what
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, haven't you seen those?
[SPEAKER_03]: They're Xbox controllers with a little additional... Junk in the trunk.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_03]: Junk in the trunk ergonomics, I guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm just... I'm left... So I have these photos up on stream of the actual Atari joystick decanter, and I'm laughing because they have all these stock photos, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: And then this very last photo is like, aw, honey, you shouldn't have.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're so happy that they got their Atari whiskey set.
Like...
[SPEAKER_01]: Honestly, that would be considered romance in my house, I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, they should serve those at the Atari Hotel.
[SPEAKER_03]: Did that ever become a thing?
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't think it did.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know if that was COVID or what that stopped that, but yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Too bad, man.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it's too bad.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was into the idea of an Atari Hotel, but I guess it was just us.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nobody else in the world.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess also romantic in my house would be, hey, I made chicken tenders instead of chicken nuggets.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I like them both.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right, well, we're to that point in the show with the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'd like to invite, if anybody wants to call, the green room is open over at vognetwork.com slash discord is the place to join our discord server and talk to us.
[SPEAKER_04]: If you want to join the green room, I'm going to check if there's any emails.
[SPEAKER_04]: Participate at orangelaundry.com.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, so much for that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, hey, but good news.
[SPEAKER_04]: We're now back on a social network that I like using.
[SPEAKER_04]: So if you want to message us throughout the week on short form, Blue Sky is the place to do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Orangeloungeradio.bsky.social until further notice.
[SPEAKER_04]: I will try to get that changed to our domain.
[SPEAKER_04]: But until that happens, orangeloungeradio.bsky.social is the place to do it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So check that out.
[SPEAKER_04]: And you can send us messages and we will start including those in this segment so it doesn't feel so empty when there's no emails.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, but otherwise I think that's it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I think we, we're out of stuff.
[SPEAKER_04]: We're done.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's all right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oops.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: I have some errands to catch up on because I was very busy this weekend with it being Halloween weekend.
[SPEAKER_04]: I hosted a show Friday night and Saturday night.
[SPEAKER_04]: Both were fun.
[SPEAKER_04]: I had a great time, but yeah, good stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Jamie, you need to look up, I was looking, trying to find news stories, but I saw there was something, it was an article, or not an article, a forum post on NeoGAF talking about, I want fake 3D graphic games to come back.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they were showing trailers, obviously, Victory Heat Rally is the first one that comes to mind as of recent.
[SPEAKER_03]: But they showed, it's a video that was on X for Mirage Feathers.
[SPEAKER_03]: that looks right up your alley it looks very awesome if you can find me the link I would love to checketh that outeth I will link the post to you thank you nice
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, you know what I'm trying to look around for?
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm trying to find some fun new hoodies because hoodie weather is coming up again.
[SPEAKER_04]: And you know I love my Atari hoodie that actually has like the wood grain.
[SPEAKER_04]: But the thing is that thing's getting kind of old now and I want like some new like gaming hoodies that aren't just like a logo on a hoodie.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I feel like whenever I search for things online like all I get are like every fucking printing shop in the world that just slaps a logo that they probably don't even have the rights to on a hoodie.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't want that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like I want something legit.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, they had a Steam Next demo for it.
[SPEAKER_04]: For a hoodie?
[SPEAKER_03]: No, for this game I was talking about.
[SPEAKER_04]: But yeah, if you guys have good suggestions for gamer hoodies, I'd love to be sent those on Blue Sky or on my personal or the Orange Lounge, whatever works for you.
[SPEAKER_04]: Loki, you mentioned Last Minute Stories.
[SPEAKER_04]: You got anything for us?
[SPEAKER_03]: No, there's nothing out there I don't want to say it's been a slow news week because I feel like there were some heavy hitters but I feel like we got through it all and that's all there is to say about that I mean, I guess this is something it's very small allegedly there's a leak that was saying there's a company of Virtuos is going to be porting Elden Ring Definitive Edition to whatever the next Nintendo console is next year
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not surprised to hear we're gonna get a lot of ports on the next Nintendo console that's gonna catch us up on some of the latest and greatest stuff but I'm just gonna caution and I hope Nintendo knows this by now
[SPEAKER_04]: The last time they did that, that was the Wii U's launch lineup.
[SPEAKER_04]: It did not go well for them.
[SPEAKER_04]: I guess, long story short, do not expect Elden Ring to replace new games.
[SPEAKER_04]: that's not going to launch the system that won't sell that system it's a nice thing to buoy and to create a nice archive and there will be people that are very strictly Nintendo systems that probably did not buy Elden Ring otherwise I'm not saying it's not worth releasing on Nintendo but I need Nintendo to learn their lesson from the Wii U and don't trust some third party person to leave you at the altar like EA did because they'll do it in a heartbeat
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyway, because they're not going to sell like they were new.
[SPEAKER_04]: I hope they know that by now.
[SPEAKER_04]: But you know what we'll probably get?
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll probably get another version of Skyrim.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's what we deserve is another version of Skyrim.
[SPEAKER_04]: Anyway.
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let's go around and get everybody's final thought and we'll wrap it up for tonight.
[SPEAKER_04]: DarkSakura, I imagine you are streaming.
[SPEAKER_04]: Are you back on Halloween-y Dead by Daylight tonight?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I don't know how long I'm going to play because I'm still pretty, like, tired from last night.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, when I got home, it was, like, almost three in the morning.
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, boy.
[SPEAKER_01]: You got late.
[SPEAKER_04]: I had Rocky Horror and you were later than I was.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dan got up and watched some videos and I...
[SPEAKER_01]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_03]: Pocket Camp completes releasing on December 3rd for $10 until the end of January.
[SPEAKER_03]: Then it goes up to $20.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, well, have a good stream, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm going to play some Debbie.
[SPEAKER_04]: Alright, we'll see you in a minute.
[SPEAKER_04]: Bye!
[SPEAKER_04]: Then, I forgot to do this spiel about, if you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please help us spread the word.
[SPEAKER_04]: We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, wherever it is that you found this show.
[SPEAKER_04]: It goes an awful long way, and we really appreciate it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, with that, Loki, your final thought.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hopefully, I'll have an episode out this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was hoping they'd have it done last week, but at least I'm well...
[SPEAKER_03]: into it now, so hopefully this week.
[SPEAKER_04]: My final thought is I learned the hard way that even though apparently YouTube shorts are three minutes, they are not automatically processing as shorts yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm still waiting on YouTube to get on that because I was... Do you have to do the hashtag shorts thing still?
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Does that even work?
[SPEAKER_04]: Like I tried in studio to upload like a three minute vertical video or it was like two minutes, 15 seconds.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it's still put in my regular gallery.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I don't know if it actually, it pushed just a short.
[SPEAKER_04]: I didn't know I could hashtag it though.
[SPEAKER_04]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_04]: yeah that's it used to be the thing like you'd have to you put in the title and it would do it or title and the body of this description as well apparently YouTube's working on that but yeah otherwise I've got some videos with some more retro games this week and yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna play something on stream I'm thinking tomorrow I want to do retro stuff early this week because there's a very high chance I'm gonna pick up Dragon Age when it comes out and then that'll kind of take over for a little bit so
[SPEAKER_04]: All right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, that's it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Y'all have a great week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_04]: We will see you back here in seven days to talk about Dragon Age, Halloween, whatever else is going on.
[SPEAKER_04]: I agree with Matt's earlier comment.
[SPEAKER_04]: Please vote.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll beat this in again next week when it's really close to Election Day.
[SPEAKER_04]: But as early voting is a thing almost everywhere, please go vote if you are able to.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's so important right now.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I already told you where I stand on that.
[SPEAKER_04]: so I think y'all know what we're thinking and that is that we want to see this country go forward and not backwards and there's only one ticket that's going to do that and here's a hint it's not the one that's having rallies at Madison Square Garden on that thought we're going to close out and we will see you next week bye everybody thank you you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios
[SPEAKER_02]: See you next week.